docs on docs: tip for generating numbered versions of API docs (#5379)
camunda/camunda-docs: howtos/interactive-api-explorers.md

1. Replace the OpenAPI spec file at `/api/[apiName]/[version]/[apiName]-openapi.yaml`.
2. Regenerate the docs with this command:
   `npm run api:generate:[apiName] [version]`

> 3. If changes affect the sidebars (e.g. the name or method of an endpoint), manually move the changes from the generated `sidebar.ts` into the version's top-level `version-x-sidebars.json` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If changes affect the sidebars (for example, the name or method of an endpoint), manually move the changes from the generated `sidebar.ts` into the version's top-level `version-x-sidebars.json` file.
```
